Do you want to earn money working online? Through Hotmart, you have two ways to do this. Either as a producer or as an affiliate. Today we are going to show you step by step how to make your first sale as an affiliate on Hotmart. Ready? Affiliates are those people who work by promoting online courses from others. and receiving a commission for each sale made. Most products on Hotmart accept affiliates. To become a successful affiliate, I need to follow some basic steps and pay attention to various details. It also takes a lot of work and the awareness that this activity doesn't bear fruit overnight. The first thing to do is to sign up on Hotmart. So what you need to do is click here on sign up. So, it will open our Hotmart registration screen. You have the option to register or with your Facebook account. Or you can register your name here. So you enter your name, your email. and below you choose a password. Alright? Click on continue and you're all set. So, when you enter the platform, you click here on the market section. Here you will see all the courses available on the Hotmart platform. Among the courses that accept affiliations, there are two types. The open affiliate courses, meaning anyone can affiliate and start selling. Or courses with moderate affiliation. In the moderate affiliation, you need to request your affiliation. and the producer may or may not accept. The second thing to do is to define which market niche you will work in. Choose courses on a subject you master, that you have knowledge of, Okay? even if just a little bit. This is important for you to be able to create content and promotional materials. about the subjects of interest of potential buyers. After that, you will search on the Hotmart platform which courses are worth affiliating with. For that, you need to analyze five factors. Temperature, Blueprint, Satisfaction, Commission Value per Sale, and Commission Structure. I will explain each of these factors now, one by one. So I'm going to enter here and click on the wine course, Salude, okay? Satisfaction is the evaluation of the course according to those who have already purchased it. If you affiliate yourself with courses with a high satisfaction rate, The lower the chances of having customers dissatisfied with the product you sold. So a product with high satisfaction is much less likely to have a refund request than products with low satisfaction, meaning they are poorly rated by their buyers. The temperature is a Hotmart metric, okay? So, it means that we will evaluate all the good and bad aspects of that product from a numerical point of view, okay? so we can position it higher or lower in the market. In other words, if the product has high sales, is open for affiliation, has many affiliates, and many sales per affiliate, Low refund, low chargeback, consequently it will be hotter. Now, this doesn't mean that the product which is colder is a bad product. So, it means that it is a product that perhaps has not been noticed, well noticed by people yet, okay? Or because it's a product that the producer hasn't put much sales effort into yet. So, the temperature indicates how this product is being evaluated by the market at that moment, okay? But that doesn't mean you won't have good opportunities with a product at a low temperature. And naturally, products that are hotter tend to attract more affiliates. So, the hotter, the more affiliated. One of our clients once left the affiliation open one day and was in a warmer place, okay? He had 3 thousand affiliates in one day. So, imagine that if the product is very hot, naturally you will have more competition to sell it. The blueprint represents the quality of the information entered by the product creator. So, the more relevant and detailed the information about the product, the larger the blueprint will be. Products with high blueprint tend to provide good promotional materials for affiliates. and a higher proportion between the sales commission and the final price. 